You see yourself working for somebody
else? I never have. Can you see it? I'm
used to to having a company where the
ideas that I have or something that I
can easily pursue. So I think it'd be a
tough transition.
If you had stayed at Harvard a few more years, would this a
computer revolution who passed you by?
Perhaps. Things move very quickly in the
industry and it was really the urgency
to get out there and be the first one to
put a basic on the microcomputer that
caused me to drop out. You're called a
genius and I will well no I don't think
that embarrassed you at all. (laughs) They call you a genius.
Part of you genius is that you are a
computer whiz and the other is that you
did have the business acumen to turn it
into a working company. Are you a business genius too?
Well, I wouldn't say genius. I enjoy
working with the people, talking about
what we're gonna get done, getting real
excited, making sure that the structure
is there, that the ideas get get measured
properly and I'm really leading the
company. That's exciting.
At the age of 28, in a field of work
where burnout is commonly, are you gonna burn
out before you're 30?No. How do you know?
Well, the work we're doing is it's not
like, you know, we're doing the same thing
all day long. We go into our offices and
think up new programs, we get together in
meetings, we go out and see end users, we
talk to customers.There's so much
variety and there's always new things
going on. And I don't think they'll ever
come a time with that that would be boring.